{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PHASE: INTRODUCTION\
Starting emotion detection with DINO+SVM (FACIAL REGIONS)\
Furhat: What's your name?\
User: jane\
Furhat: Nice to meet you, Jane!\
Furhat: Are you ready to begin?\
User: yes\
Furhat: Great!\
\
PHASE: WARMUP\
Furhat: Let's start with a simple question.\
Furhat: Tell me a bit about yourself and your background.\
User: i have a background in computer science in my bachelors and i do my master degree at uppsala university\
USER'S RESPONSE ANALYSIS\
Detected emotion: nervous (confidence: 0.30)\
Top-3 emotions: [('nervous', '0.30'), ('neutral', '0.29'), ('defensive', '0.22')]\
Metrics: 19 words, 0.00% fillers, 106 WPM\
Speech quality: clear\
Furhat: It's totally normal to feel a little nervous. Your answer was clear, and you can boost confidence by speaking a little faster. To make it even stronger, consider adding a touch more about your skills or interests.\
\
PHASE: MAIN INTERVIEW\
\
Turn 2\
Performance score: -1.0 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  easy question\
Furhat: Here's the next one.\
Furhat: What interests you about this role?\
User: and when i graduate from my high school the compu computer science is quite popular at that time so i'm also very like playing computer games so that's why i choose the computer science and at that time after that\
Detected emotion: confident (confidence: 0.37)\
Top-3 emotions: [('confident', '0.37'), ('neutral', '0.23'), ('defensive', '0.21')]\
Speech quality: hesitant\
Metrics: 40 words, 7.50% fillers, 127 WPM\
Furhat: It was great to see your confidence come through. To enhance your delivery, try to minimize filler words for a more polished sound. For content, focus on clearly connecting your background to what specifically interests you about *this role*.\
\
Turn 3\
Performance score: 0.0 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  medium question\
Furhat: Moving on.\
Furhat: Describe a challenging project you've worked on.\
User: uh uh currently i'm uh working with uh seagram uh uh a company with uh who uh which uh plan to deal with the classify the the different kinds of rice so so in this\
Detected emotion: nervous (confidence: 0.28)\
Top-3 emotions: [('neutral', '0.29'), ('nervous', '0.28'), ('defensive', '0.25')]\
Speech quality: hesitant\
Metrics: 35 words, 31.43% fillers, 109 WPM\
Furhat: It's completely normal to feel a bit nervous, and that's okay. To make your delivery smoother, try to reduce filler words and speak with a slightly quicker pace. Focus on getting straight to the point about the challenge and your role in it.\
\
Turn 4\
Performance score: -2.0 
\f1 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  easy question\
Furhat: One more question before we wrap up.\
Furhat: Why did you choose this career path?\
User: uh it's hard to say because i want to earn more money so the computer science is a good way because uh in in my in my country is uh the the the employee which in the the the internet company they get high salaries\
Detected emotion: confident (confidence: 0.37)\
Top-3 emotions: [('confident', '0.37'), ('neutral', '0.25'), ('nervous', '0.19')]\
Speech quality: hesitant\
Metrics: 45 words, 8.89% fillers, 140 WPM\
Furhat: It's good to see your confidence in your answer. To make your delivery even sharper, try to minimize filler words. While financial motivation is understandable, consider also highlighting aspects like interest in the field or problem-solving skills to strengthen your response.\
\
PHASE: CLOSING\
Furhat: That's all the questions I have for you today.\
Furhat: Let me give you some feedback.\
Furhat: Jane, what a fantastic journey! You moved from feeling a bit nervous to ending with strong confidence. While your delivery had some hesitant moments, your progress is clear. Keep practicing, and that confidence will shine even brighter!\
Furhat: Remember, practice makes progress!\
Furhat: Good luck, Jane!}